Initial Pseudo CODE (Didn´t Work)

Main goal: Generate a parametric Voronoi system that responds to an attractor curve by modifying cell scale and extrusion height.

Surface and Voronoi. 

1. Create a rectangular surface to define the working domain. Based on two given inputs as floats (sliders) that define the “width” and “depth” 

2. Populate Geometry with  N number of points. Create an input for the quantity of “points to be populated” in the rectangle. (integer)

3. Generate 2D Voronoi cells from the generated points to subdivide the surface into irregular polygonal cells.

4 . Calculate the centroid of each Voronoi cell using an Area component to obtain the center point of every polygon.

 Curve as an attractor. 

5. Create an input for a given “curve” from grasshopper that is a geometry.

6. Using the closest points to the curve, define the closest centers of  voronoi to the curve. Using the “N closest points”  input to find the number of points. 

7.Create a cull pattern using the list of  geometry voronoi and the closest point list

8. Create a Remap with the distance values of closest points, create inputs for a construct domain  as “domain start” and “domain end” into the remap to control the remap values 

9. Scale the geometry  voronoi in the output of cull pattern  using the center of each voronoi and the values output of the remap

Cells 

10. Generate an offset from each voronoi geometry.  Create an Input for the “offset distance” 

11. Create a surface with  boundary surface  using the geometry result of the scale

12. Make a multiplication with the distance values of the closest point and a input float call “height” and  generate an Line SDL using  the list of center of each voronoi and the result of the multiplication

13. Generate a extrude with the surfaces




Simplified Pseudo CODE (Working)

INSTRUCTIONS

Surface and Voronoi. 

1. Create a rectangular surface to define the working domain. Based on two given inputs as floats (sliders) that define the “width” and “depth” 

2. Populate Geometry with  N number of points. Create an input for the quantity of “points to be populated” in the rectangle. (integer)

3. Generate 2D Voronoi cells from the generated points to subdivide the surface into irregular polygonal cells.

4 . Calculate the centroid of each Voronoi cell using an Area component to obtain the center point of every polygon.

5.  Create an offset between each cell, according with a new input for this. (float)

6. Create a random height to extrude the cells according with two new inputs: minimum height and maximum height.





